after 34 years Tom Cruise returns as
maverick this is a competition film
about family friendship and sacrifice
it's a love letter to aviation we're
gonna show you what it's really like to
be a Top Gun you just can't create this
kind of experience unless you shoot it
live
in order for us to accomplish this we
have the greatest fighter pilots in the
world working with us we're working with
a brand new camera system that allows us
to put six IMAX quality cameras inside
the cockpit with the actors my cameras
are on cameras on there you go it's
amazing what we see in the cockpit when
an audience is going to experience
position
thanks to Tom all the actors becoming
accustomed to g-forces by all the
training that they're doing it is
aggressive
you can't act that the distortion in the
face they're pulling seven half a cheese
that's 1,600 pounds of force I'm so
proud of them and what they've done and
it is heavy duty
putting us up in these Jets it's very
serious that's why everybody thought it
would be impossible
and I think when Tom here is that
something's impossible or it can't be
done that's when he gets to work
while these fighter jets is an absolute
thrill right we want to make sure that
the audience has the same experience
Aviation film like this has never been
done in Cheshire I will never be done
again
you